# ttyBash
Software to manage a teletype in useful ways via a serial interface. Written in Bash (ish). Designed specifically for Raspberry Pi, though it could be altered to run on other \*nix systems with varying degrees of difficulty.

Firstly: I wouldn't recommend using this yet. It's not fit for human consumption AT ALL. I know exactly how to wrangle it, so it works well for me, but it is otherwise a confusing mess for any outsider. In due time a proper startup script will be written for it, and the half-done nature of it will be completed, and the many weird problems and bugs will be addressed, and an installation script will be created for it to be made as simple as possible for the layman to get up and running. 

IT IS NOT THAT TIME YET. So I advise staying away until this message changes.

Secondly: Yes. I know. I KNOW. Bash is not a "real" programming language. Not really. It has a lot of isms that don't make a lot of sense. It's not incredibly efficient. It's not designed for this. Yadda yadda, blah blah blah. We all get just how much of a genius you are at this point, so can you go lecture someone else in a pathetic attempt at showing off your superior knowledge now? Bash was chosen for this project because it was a challenge, and I've done some interesting acrobatics with it, I might add. It was not chosen because it was the most practical or obvious solution. In fact, I didn't originally intend to share it with the wider world, but plans have changed. Python is the obvious choice, and I very well may rewrite this in Python one day, but please take your snootiness elsewhere as it does nothing for anyone except to stroke your ego.
